[MediaVision][TCSACR-505] Add dotnet guide of RoiTracker (#1765)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/multimedia/roi-tracker.md

> # Roi Tracker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ROI Tracker
```

> [RoiTracker](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.RoiTracker.html) is a new feature of Media Vision API since Tizen 7.0(C# API10). This API allows users to obtain the proper ROI coordinates that users want to track in an image. For example, when an image and ROI coordinates are provided as input to this API, the Media Vision framework will process the given image and ROI coordinates from the decoded image data and will provide ROI coordinates within the given image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROI tracker is a new feature of the Media Vision API since Tizen 7.0 (C# API10). The [RoiTracker](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.RoiTracker.html) API allows users to obtain the proper ROI coordinates that users want to track in an image. For example, when an image and ROI coordinates are provided as input to this API, the Media Vision framework will process the given image and ROI coordinates from the decoded image data and will provide ROI coordinates within the given image.
```

## Prerequisites

> To enable your application to use the ROI tracker and generation functionality, follow these steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable your application to use the ROI tracker and generation functionality, follow the steps below:
```

1.  Install the NuGet packages for Media Vision.

> 2.  To use ROI Trac, include the [Tizen.Multimedia](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.html) and [Tizen.Multimedia.Vision](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.html) namespaces in your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  To use ROI Tracker, include the [Tizen.Multimedia](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.html) and [Tizen.Multimedia.Vision](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.html) namespaces in your application:
```

    ```csharp
    using Tizen.Multimedia;
    using Tizen.Multimedia.Vision;
    ```

> ## Preparing a MediaVisionSource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare MediaVisionSource
```

> Prepare an input source to track. In this example, we use [ImageUtil](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Util.ImageUtil.html) APIs to get the image buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare an input source to track. In this example, we use [ImageUtil](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Util.ImageUtil.html) APIs to get the image buffer:
```

```csharp
MediaVisionSource inputSource = null;
using (JpegDecoder jpegDecoder = new JpegDecoder())
{
    jpegDecoder.SetColorSpace(ColorSpace.Rgb888);
    var frame = (await jpegDecoder.DecodeAsync("path")).FirstOrDefault();
    inputSource = new MediaVisionSource(frame.Buffer, (uint)frame.Size.Width, (uint)frame.Size.Height, ColorSpace.Rgb888);
}
```

## Track ROI area

> To track a ROI area, follow these steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To track an ROI area, follow the steps below:
```

> 1. Prepare a `RoiTracker` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare a `RoiTracker` configuration:
```

    ```csharp
    var roiTrackingConfiguration = new RoiTrackingConfiguration();

    // If you don't set TrackerType, it will be RoiTrackerType.Balance.
    roiTrackingConfiguration.TrackerType = RoiTrackerType.Accuracy;

>     // Roi should be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // ROI should be set.
```

>     // If you don't set Roi property before calling TrackAsync, TrackAsync method will throws ArgumentException.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If you don't set the ROI property before calling TrackAsync, TrackAsync method will throw ArgumentException.
```

    roiTrackingConfiguration.Roi = new Rectangle(10, 10, 100, 100);
    ```

> 2. Track a ROI area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Track an ROI area.
```

> 2. Track an ROI area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Track an ROI area:
```

    ```csharp
    var result = await RoiTracker.TrackAsync(inputSource, roiTrackingConfiguration);

    Log.Info("RoiTracker", $"X={result.X}, Y={result.Y}, Width={result.Width}, Height={result.Height}, ");
    ```

    > [!NOTE]

>     > If you want to change `Roi` area after calling `TrackAsync`, you should create `RoiTrackingConfiguration` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you want to change `ROI` area after calling `TrackAsync`, you should create `RoiTrackingConfiguration` again.
```

> 3. Dispose `MediaVisionSource` and `RoiTrackingConfiguration` instance, after use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Dispose of `MediaVisionSource` and `RoiTrackingConfiguration` instances after using them.
```

> 3. Dispose of `MediaVisionSource` and `RoiTrackingConfiguration` instances, after using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Dispose of `MediaVisionSource` and `RoiTrackingConfiguration` instances, after using them:
```
